.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CERTMAP.CONF 5 "Jun 26, 2018"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
/etc/dirsrv/config/certmap.conf - Configuration file for TLS client authentication in 389 Directory Server.

.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/dirsrv/config/certmap.conf

.SH DESCRIPTION
certmap.conf

This file configures how a certificate is mapped to an LDAP entry.  See the
documentation for more information on this file: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_directory_server/10/html/configuration_command_and_file_reference/configuration_file_reference#certmap_conf

.SH SYNTAX
The format of this file is as follows:
.br
	certmap <name> <issuerDN>
.br
	<name>:<prop1> [<val1>]
.br
	<name>:<prop2> [<val2>]
.br

Notes:

 1.  Mapping can be defined per issuer of a certificate.  If mapping doesn't
     exists for a particular 'issuerDN' then the server uses the default
     mapping. 

 2.  There must be an entry for <name>=default and issuerDN "default".
     This mapping is the default mapping.

 3.  '#' can be used to comment out a line.

 4.  DNComps & FilterComps are used to form the base DN and filter responsible for 
     performing an LDAP search while mapping the certificate to a user entry.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP DNComps
The DNComps parameter determines how Directory Server generates the base DN 
used to search for a user in the directory.  This setting accepts a comma 
separated list of attributes to form a DN.  However, the order of the 
attributes in the DNComps parameter must match the order in the subject of the
certificate.  For example, if your certificate's subject is 
"e=user_name@example.com,cn=user_name,o=Example Inc.,c=US", and you want 
Directory Server to use "cn=user_name,o=Example Inc.,c=US" as the base DN when 
searching for the user, set the DNComps parameter to "cn, o, c". 
  
Comment out or do not set this parameter, if either the subject field of the 
certificate matches exactly the DN of the user in Directory Server or if you 
want to use the setting from the CmapLdapAttr parameter. 

If the value is empty, it will search the entire LDAP tree by using the 
FilterComps parameter.
 
.IP FilterComps
This parameter sets which attributes from the subject field of the certificate
Directory Server uses to generate the search filter to locate the user.

Set this parameter to a comma-separated list of attributes used in the 
certificate's subject. Directory Server will use these attributes in an AND 
operation in the filter.

Note - Certificate Subjects use the e attribute for the email address, which 
does not exist in the default Directory Server schema. For this reason, 
Directory Server automatically maps this attribute to the mail attribute. This
means, if you use the mail attribute in the FilterComps parameter, Directory 
Server reads the value of the e attribute from the subject of the certificate.

For example, if the subject of a certificate is 
"e=user_name@example.com,cn=user_name,dc=example,dc=com,o=Example Inc.,c=US" 
and you want to dynamically generate the 
"(&(mail=username@domain)(cn=user_name))" filter, set the FilterComps parameter 
to "mail, cn". 
 
If the parameter is commented out or set to an empty value, the (objectclass=*) filter will be used.

.IP verifycert
Directory Server always verifies if the certificate has been issued by a 
trusted Certificate Authority (CA). However, if you additionally set the 
verifycert parameter to on, Directory Server additionally verifies that the 
certificate matches the Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER)-formatted 
certificate stored in the userCertificate binary attribute of the user.

If you do not set this parameter, verifycert is disabled

.IP CmapLdapAttr
If your user entries contain an attribute that stores the subject DN of the 
user certificate, set the CmapLdapAttr to this attribute name. Directory Server
will use this attribute and the subject DN to locate the user. In this case the
no filter is generated based on the attributes in the FilterComps parameter.
 

.SH EXAMPLES
certmap default         default
.br
default:DNComps         cn, o, c
.br
#default:FilterComps    e, uid
.br
#default:verifycert     on
.br
#default:CmapLdapAttr   certSubjectDN
.br
.sp 1
certmap example         o=Example Inc.,c=US
.br
example:DNComps
.br

.SH AUTHOR
certmap.conf was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/389ds/389-ds-base/issues/new
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Red Hat, Inc.

