.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DB2BAK 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
db2bak - Directory Server script for making a backup of the database
.SH SYNOPSIS
db2bak [archivedir] [-Z serverID] [-q] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates a backup of the database.  This script can be executed while the server is running or stopped.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fBarchivedir\fR
The full path to the directory to store the backup.
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-q\fR
.br
Quiet mode.  Reduces output of task.
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR
.br
Display the usage.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
db2bak -Z instance2

Makes a backup of the entire database for 'instance2', and stores it in the default server instance backup directory.
.TP
db2bak /LDAP/backups/20130305

Creates a backup of the database and stores it in specified location.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
db2bak was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
