.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DB2INDEX.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
db2index.pl - Directory Server perl script for indexing a database
.SH SYNOPSIS
db2index.pl [-Z serverID] [-D rootdn] { -w password | -w - | -j filename } [-n backendname] [-P protocol] [-t attributeName[:indextypes[:matchingrules]]] [-T vlvTag] [-v] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Indexes attributes in the specified database.  If no attributes are specified, then all the attribute indexes will be regenerated.  The Directory Server must be started prior to running this script.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR \fIRoot DN\fR
The Directory Manager DN, or root DN.  If not specified, the script will 
search the server instance configuration for the value.
.TP
.B \fB\-w\fR \fIpassword\fR
The rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-w -\fR 
.br
Prompt for the rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR \fIpassword filename\fR
The name of the file that contains the root DN password.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to restore.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-t\fR \fIattributeName[:indextypes[:matchingrules]]\fR
The attribute to index.  Optionally you can specify a comma separated list of index types: eq, sub, pres, and approx.  
An optional matching rule OID can also be set.
.TP
.B \fB\-T\fR \fIvlvTag\fR
This is the name of the vlv index entry under cn=config.
.TP
.B \fB\-P\fR \fIProtocol\fR
The connection protocol to connect to the Directory Server.  Protocols are STARTTLS, LDAPS, LDAPI, and LDAP.
If this option is skipped, the most secure protocol that is available is used.  For LDAPI, AUTOBIND is also
available for the root user.
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
.br
Display verbose ouput
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
db2index.pl -n userRoot -D 'cn=directory manager' -w password -t uid:eq,pres,sub:1.3.6.1.4.1.42.2.27.9.4.76.1 -t cn:eq,pres
.TP
db2index.pl -Z instance3
.TP
db2index.pl -Z instance2 -w password -s 'dc=example,dc=com' -t uid:eq:pres:sub -t sn -P STARTTLS

Note: security must be enabled to use protocol STARTTLS.  If STARTTLS is not available it will default to next strongest/available protocol automatically.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
db2index.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
