.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DB2INDEX 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
db2index - Directory Server script for indexing attributes
.SH SYNOPSIS
db2index [-Z serverID] [-n backend | {-s includeSuffix}* -t attribute[:indextypes[:matchingrules]] -T vlvTag] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reindexes the database index files.  The Directory Server must be stopped prior to running this script.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to reindex.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIincludeSuffix\fR
Specifies suffixes to be included or the subtrees to be included
.TP
.B \fB\-t\fR \fIattributeName[:indextypes[:matchingrules]]\fR
The attribute to index.  Optionally you can specify a comma separated list of index types: eq, sub, pres, and approx.  
An optional matching rule OID can also be set.
.TP
.B \fB\-T\fR \fIvlvTag\fR
This is the name of the vlv index entry under cn=config.
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR
.br
Display the usage.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
db2index -n userRoot -t uid:eq,sub:1.3.6.1.4.1.42.2.27.9.4.76.1 -t cn:eq,pres
.TP
db2index -Z instance2 -s 'dc=example,dc=com' -t uid:eq:pres:sub -t sn
.TP
db2index -Z instance3
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
db2index was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
