.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DB2LDIF 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
db2ldif - Directory Server script for exporting the database
.SH SYNOPSIS
db2ldif [-Z serverID] {-n backend_instance}* | {-s includeSuffix}* [{-x excludeSuffix}*] [-a outputFile] [-m] [-M] [-r] [-u] [-U] [-C] [-N] [-E] [-1] [-q] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Exports the contents of the database to a LDIF file. This script can be executed while the server is still running, except when using the -r option.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to reindex.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIincludeSuffix\fR
Specifies suffixes to be included in the LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-x\fR \fIexcludeSuffix\fR
Specifies suffixes to be excluded from the LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-a\fR \fIOutput File\fR
The name for the LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-m\fR 
.br
Minimize the base64 encodings in the exported LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-M\fR 
.br
Exported ldif is stored in multiple files. These files are named : <instance>_<filename>
.br
By default, all instances are stored in the filename specified by the -a option.
.TP
.B \fB\-r\fR 
.br
Export replication data(information required to initialize a replica when the LDIF is imported).
.TP
.B \fB\-u\fR 
.br
Do not export the unique-id attribute.
.TP
.B \fB\-U\fR 
.br
Requests that the output LDIF is not folded. 
.TP
.B \fB\-C\fR 
.br
Uses only the main database file.
.TP
.B \fB\-N\fR 
.br
Suppress printing sequential number
.TP
.B \fB\-E\fR 
.br
Decrypts any encrypted data during export.
.TP
.B \fB\-1\fR 
.br
Deletes, for reasons of backward compatibility, the first line of the LDIF file that gives the version of the LDIF standard. 
.TP
.B \fB\-q\fR 
.br
Quiet mode.  Suppresses output of the script.
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display the usage.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
db2ldif -Z instance3 -n userRoot -a /LDAP/ldif/export.ldif
.TP
db2ldif -s 'dc=example,dc=com' -a /LDAP/ldif/export.ldif -m -E -q
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
db2ldif was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
