.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DB2LDIF.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
db2ldif.pl - Directory Server perl script for exporting a database to a LDIF file
.SH SYNOPSIS
db2ldif.pl [-Z serverID] [-D rootdn] { -w password | -w - | -j pwfilename } [-P protocol]
{-n backendname}* | {-s includeSuffix}* [{-x excludeSuffix}*] [-m] [-M] [-r] [-u] [-C] [-N] [-E] [-1] [-U] [-a filename] [-v] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Exports the contents of the database to LDIF. This script creates an entry in the directory that launches this dynamic task.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR \fIRoot DN\fR
The Directory Manager DN, or root DN.  If not specified, the script will 
search the server instance configuration for the value.
.TP
.B \fB\-w\fR \fIpassword\fR
The rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-w -\fR 
.br
Prompt for the rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR \fIpassword filename\fR
The name of the file that contains the root DN password.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to restore.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIincludeSuffix\fR
The suffix DN to be included in the exported LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-x\fR \fIexcludeSuffix\fR
The suffix DN to be excluded from the exported LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-a\fR \fIfilename\fR
Name for the exported LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-P\fR \fIProtocol\fR
The connection protocol to connect to the Directory Server.  Protocols are STARTTLS, LDAPS, LDAPI, and LDAP.
If this option is skipped, the most secure protocol that is available is used.  For LDAPI, AUTOBIND is also
available for the root user.
.TP
.B \fB\-m\fR 
.br
Minimize the base64 encodings in the exported LDIF file.
.TP
.B \fB\-M\fR 
.br
Exported ldif is stored in multiple files. These files are named : <instance>_<filename>
.br
By default, all instances are stored in the filename specified by the -a option.
.TP
.B \fB\-r\fR 
.br
Export replication data(information required to initialize a replica when the LDIF is imported).
.TP
.B \fB\-u\fR 
.br
Do not export the unique-id attribute.
.TP
.B \fB\-U\fR 
.br
Requests that the output LDIF is not folded. 
.TP
.B \fB\-C\fR 
.br
Uses only the main database file.
.TP
.B \fB\-N\fR 
.br
Suppress printing sequential number
.TP
.B \fB\-E\fR 
.br
Decrypts any encrypted data during export.
.TP
.B \fB\-1\fR 
.br
Deletes, for reasons of backward compatibility, the first line of the LDIF file that gives the version of the LDIF standard. 
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
.br
Display verbose ouput
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
db2ldif.pl -Z instance3 -n userRoot -a /LDAP/ldif/export.ldif -P STARTTLS

Note: security must be enabled to use protocol STARTTLS.  If STARTTLS is not available it will default to next strongest/available protocol automatically.
.TP
db2ldif.pl -s 'dc=example,dc=com' -a /LDAP/ldif/export.ldif -m -E -q
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
db2ldif.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
