.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH FIXUP-LINKEDATTRS.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
fixup-linkedattrs.pl - Directory Server perl script for creating a "fixup" task for linked attributes.
.SH SYNOPSIS
fixup-linkedattrs.pl [-Z serverID] [-D rootdn] { -w password | -w - | -j filename }  [-l linkDN] [-P protocol] [-v] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates the managed attributes in the user entries once the linking plug-in instance is created or updates the managed attributes to keep everything in sync after operations like replication or synchronization.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR \fIRoot DN\fR
The Directory Manager DN, or root DN.  If not specified, the script will 
search the server instance configuration for the value.
.TP
.B \fB\-w\fR \fIpassword\fR
The rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-w -\fR 
.br
Prompt for the rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR \fIpassword filename\fR
The name of the file that contains the root DN password.
.TP
.B \fB\-l\fR \fIlinkDN\fR
Gives the target DN for which to update the linked attributes. If this is not set, then the default is to update all linked and managed attributes for the entire subtree or directory tree.
.TP
.B \fB\-P\fR \fIProtocol\fR
The connection protocol to connect to the Directory Server.  Protocols are STARTTLS, LDAPS, LDAPI, and LDAP.
If this option is skipped, the most secure protocol that is available is used.  For LDAPI, AUTOBIND is also
available for the root user.
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
.br
Display verbose ouput
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
fixup-linkedattrs.pl -Z instance1 -D 'cn=directory manager' -w password -P STARTTLS

Note: security must be enabled to use protocol STARTTLS.  If STARTTLS is not available it will default to next strongest/available protocol automatically.
.TP
fixup-linkedattrs.pl -w password -l 'ou=people,dc=example,dc=com'
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
fixup-linkedattrs.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
