.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LDIF2DB.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
ldif2db.pl - Directory Server perl script for importing a LDIF file
.SH SYNOPSIS
ldif2db.pl -n backend [-Z serverID] [-D rootdn] { -w password | -w - | -j filename } [-P protocol] {-s includeSuffix}* [{-x excludeSuffix}*] [-O] [-c chunksize] [-v] [-h] [-g [string]] [-G namespace_id] {-i filename}*
.SH DESCRIPTION
Imports LDIF file(s) into the server. Either the option '-n' or '-s' must be used.  This script creates an entry in the directory that launches this dynamic task.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR \fIRoot DN\fR
The Directory Manager DN, or root DN.  If not specified, the script will 
search the server instance configuration for the value.
.TP
.B \fB\-w\fR \fIpassword\fR
The rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-w -\fR 
.br
Prompt for the rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR \fIpassword filename\fR
The name of the file that contains the root DN password.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to restore.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIincludeSuffix\fR
Specifies the suffixes to be included or specifies the subtrees to be included. 
.TP
.B \fB\-x\fR \fIexcludeSuffix\fR
Specifies the suffixes to be excluded or specifies the subtrees to be excluded. 
.TP
.B \fB\-i\fR \fIfilename\fR
Name for the LDIF file to import.
.TP
.B \fB\-g\fR \fI[string]\fR
Generates a unique ID. Type none for no unique ID to be generated and deterministic for the generated unique ID to be name-based. By default, a time-based unique ID is generated.  When using the deterministic generation to have a name-based unique ID, it is also possible to specify the namespace for the server to use, as follows:

-g deterministic namespaceId

namespaceId is a string of characters in the format 00-xxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxx. 
.TP
.B \fB\-G\fR \fInamespace_id\fR
Generates a namespace ID as a name-based unique ID. This is the same as specifying the -g deterministic option. 
.TP
.B \fB\-P\fR \fIProtocol\fR
The connection protocol to connect to the Directory Server.  Protocols are STARTTLS, LDAPS, LDAPI, and LDAP.
If this option is skipped, the most secure protocol that is available is used.  For LDAPI, AUTOBIND is also
available for the root user.
.TP
.B \fB\-O\fR 
.br
Requests that only the core database is created without attribute indexes.
.TP
.B \fB\-c\fR \fIChunk size\fR
The number of entries to process before starting a fresh pass during the import.  By default this is handled internally by the server.
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
.br
Display verbose ouput
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
ldif2db.pl -Z instance1 -n userRoot -i /LDAP/ldif/data.ldif
.TP
ldif2db.pl -s "dc=example,dc=com" -i /LDAP/ldif/data.ldif -D 'cn=directory manager' -w password  -P STARTTLS

Note: security must be enabled to use protocol STARTTLS.  If STARTTLS is not available it will default to next strongest/available protocol automatically.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
ldif2db.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
