.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH REMOVE-DS.PL 8 "Feb 13, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
remove\-ds.pl \- Remove an instance of Directory Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B remove-ds.pl
[\-f] [\-d \-d ... \-d] \-i \fIinstance\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Removes a Directory Server instance from the system.  The instance
will be shutdown and the files will be removed.  The certificate
database files will not be removed.  The instance configuration
directory will have a .removed extension appended to it, which
will contain the retained certificate database files.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-f\fR
Force removal
.TP
.B \fB\-d\fR
Enable debugging: adding more \-d will make output more verbose
.TP
.B \fB\-i\fR \fIinstance\fR
The full name of the instance to remove (e.g. slapd\(hyexample)
.br
.SH AUTHOR
remove-ds.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2009 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug\(hyin distribution.
