.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH STATUS-DIRSRV 8 "March 31, 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
status-dirsrv \- script for showing the status of Directory Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B status-dirsrv
.RI [\fI<instance>\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
status-dirsrv shows all the status of Directory Server instances on a system, or
of a single instance if specified
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B <instance>
Specifies a single Directory Server instance to show the status
.br
.SH USAGE
Sample usage:
.TP
.B status-dirsrv example
.br
.SH EXIT STATUS
status-dirsrv returns 0 if all Directory Server instances are running.  Otherwise, it returns a positive value which represents the number of server instances which are not running.

If a single Directory Server instance is specified, 0 is returned if the instance is running; 1 is returned if the instance is not running; 255 is returned if the instance does not exist.
.br
.SH AUTHOR
status\-dirsrv was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/389ds/389-ds-base/issues/new
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2017 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
