.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH USN-TOMBSTONE-CLEANUP.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
usn-tombstone-cleanup.pl - Directory Server perl script for cleaning up tombstone entries.
.SH SYNOPSIS
usn-tombstone-cleanup.pl [-Z serverID] [-D rootdn] { -w password | -w - | -j filename } -s suffix -n backend [-m maxusn_to_delete] [-P protocol] [-v] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Deletes the tombstone entries maintained by the instance if the USN Plug-in is enabled. 
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR \fIRoot DN\fR
The Directory Manager DN, or root DN.  If not specified, the script will 
search the server instance configuration for the value.
.TP
.B \fB\-w\fR \fIpassword\fR
The rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-w -\fR 
.br
Prompt for the rootdn password.
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR \fIpassword filename\fR
The name of the file that contains the root DN password.
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIsuffix\fR
Gives the name of the suffix containing the entries to clean/delete. 
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIbackend\fR
Gives the name of the database containing the entries to clean/delete.  Example, userRoot. 
.TP
.B \fB\-m\fR \fImaxusn_to_delete\fR
Sets the upper bound for entries to delete. All tombstone entries with an entryUSN value up to the specified maximum (inclusive) are deleted, but not past that USN value. If no maximum USN value is set, then all backend tombstone entries are deleted.
.TP
.B \fB\-P\fR \fIprotocol\fR
The connection protocol to connect to the Directory Server.  Protocols are STARTTLS, LDAPS, LDAPI, and LDAP.
If this option is skipped, the most secure protocol that is available is used.  For LDAPI, AUTOBIND is also
available for the root user.
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
.br
Display verbose ouput
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
usn-tombstone-cleanup.pl -Z instance2 -D 'cn=directory manager' -w password -n userRoot -s 'ou=people,dc=example,dc=com' -P STARTTLS 

Note: security must be enabled to use protocol STARTTLS.  If STARTTLS is not available it will default to next strongest/available protocol automatically.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
usn-tombstone-cleanup.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
