.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH VERIFY-DB.PL 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
verify-db.pl - Directory Server perl script for verifying the database.
.SH SYNOPSIS
verify-db.pl [-Z serverID] [ -a path ] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Verifies the backend database files. If the server crashes because of a corrupted database, this script can be used to verify the integrity of the different database files to help isolate any problems. 
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-a\fR \fIpath\fR
Gives the path to the database directory. If this option is not passed with the verify-db.pl command, then it uses the default database directory, /var/lib/dirsrv/slapd-instance_name/db. 
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR 
.br
Display usage
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
verify-db.pl -Z instance2 -a /var/lib/dirsrv/slapd-instance2/db
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
verify-db.pl was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
