.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH VLVINDEX 8 "Mar 5, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME 
vlvindex - Directory Server script for VLV indexing
.SH SYNOPSIS
vlvindex [-Z serverID] -n backendname | {-s includesuffix}* -T vlvTag [-d debuglevel] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates virtual list view (VLV) indexes, known in the Directory Server Console as browsing indexes. VLV indexes introduce flexibility in the way search results are viewed.  VLV index configuration must already exist prior to running this script. The Directory Server must be stopped before running this script.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-Z\fR \fIServer Identifier\fR
The server ID of the Directory Server instance.  If there is only 
one instance on the system, this option can be skipped.
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR \fIBackend Name\fR
The name of the LDBM database to reindex.  Example: userRoot
.TP
.B \fB\-s\fR \fIincludeSuffix\fR
Specifies suffixes to be included or the subtrees to be included
.TP
.B \fB\-T\fR \fIvlvTag\fR
This is the name of the vlv index entry under cn=config.
.TP
.B \fB\-d\fR \fIDebug Level\fR
Settings the debugging level.
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR
.br
Display the usage.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
vlvindex -n userRoot -T myVLVIndex -Z instance2
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status is zero if no errors occur.  Errors result in a 
non-zero exit status and a diagnostic message being written 
to standard error.
.SH AUTHOR
vlvindex was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
