.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CL-DUMP 1 "May 18, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
cl-dump \- Dump and decode Directory Server replication change log
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cl\-dump
[\fI-h host\fR] [\fI-p port\fR] [\fI-D bind-dn\fR] -w bind-password | -P bind-cert
       [\fI-r replica-roots\fR] [\fI-o output-file\fR] [\fI-c\fR] [\fI-v\fR]

.PP
.B cl\-dump
\-i changelog\-ldif\-file\-with\-base64encoding [\fI\-o output\-file\fR] [\fI\-c\fR]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Dump and decode Directory Server replication change log
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-c 
Dump and interpret CSN only. This option can be used with or
without -i option.
.TP
.B \-D bind\-dn
Directory server's bind DN. Default to "cn=Directory Manager" if
the option is omitted.
.TP
.B \-h host
Directory server's host. Default to the server where the script
is running.
.TP
.B \-i changelog\-ldif\-file\-with\-base64encoding
If you already have a ldif-like changelog, but the changes
in that file are encoded, you may use this option to
decode that ldif-like changelog.
.TP
.B \-o output\-file
Path name for the final result. Default to STDOUT if omitted.
.TP
.B \-p port
Directory server's port. Default to 389.
.TP
.B \-P bind\-cert
Pathname of binding certificate DB
.TP
.B \-r replica\-roots
Specify replica roots whose changelog you want to dump. The replica
roots may be seperated by comma. All the replica roots would be
dumped if the option is omitted.
.TP
.B \-v 
Print the version of this script.
.TP
.B \-w bind\-password
Password for the bind DN
.SH RESTRICTIONS
If you are not using \-i option, the script should be run when the server
is running, and from where the server's changelog directory is accessible.
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR repl-monitor (1)
.br
.SH AUTHOR
cl-dump was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2008 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
