.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DBSCAN 1 "March 31, 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
dbscan \- scans a Directory Server database index file and dumps the contents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dbscan
\fB-f <filename>\fR [\fI-R\fR] [\fI-t <size>\fR]
[\fI-K <entry_id>\fR] [\fI-k <key>\fR] [\fI-l <size>\fR]
[\fI-G <n>\fR] [\fI-n\fR] [\fI-r\fR] [\fI-s\fR]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Scans a Directory Server database index file and dumps the contents.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.IP
common options:
.TP
.B \fB\-A, \-\-ascii\fR
dump as ascii data
.TP
.B \fB\-D, \-\-db\-type\fR <filename>
specify db type: bdb or mdb
.TP
.B \fB\-f, \-\-dbi\fR <filename>
specify db instance
.TP
.B \fB\-R, \-\-raw\fR
dump as raw data
.TP
.B \fB\-t, \-\-truncate\-entry\fR <size>
entry truncate size (bytes)
.IP
entry file options:
.TP
.B \fB\-K, \-\-entry\-id\fR <entry_id>
lookup only a specific entry id
.IP
index file options:
.TP
.B \fB\-G, \-\-id\-list\-min\-size\fR <n>
only display index entries with more than <n> ids
.TP
.B \fB\-I, \-\-import\fR <file>
Import database instance from file. Requires \-\-do\-it parameter
WARNING! Only the id2entry and replication_changelog database instances
may be imported by dbscan.
.TP
.B \fB\-k, \-\-key\fR <key>
lookup only a specific key
.TP
.B \fB\-l, \-\-id\-list\-max\-size\fR <size>
max length of dumped id list
(default 4096; 40 bytes <= size <= 1048576 bytes)
.TP
.B \fB\-n, \-\-show\-id\-list\-lenghts\fR
display ID list lengths
.TP
.B \fB\-\-remove\fR
remove a db instance. Requires \-\-do\-it parameter
.TP
.B \fB\-r, \-\-show\-id\-list\fR
display the contents of ID list
.TP
.B \fB\-S, \-\-stats\fR
display statistics
.TP
.B \fB\-X, \-\-export\fR <file>
Export database instance to file
.IP
other options:
.TP
.B \fB\-s, \-\-summary\fR
Summary of index counts
.TP
.B \fB\-L, \-\-list\fR
List od database instances
.TP
.B \fB\-\-do\-it\fR
confirmation required for actions that change the database contents
.TP
.B \fB\-h, \-\-help\-it\fR
display the usage
.IP
.SH USAGE
Sample usages:
.TP
List the database instances
.B
dbscan -L /var/lib/dirsrv/slapd-supplier1/db
.TP
Dump the entry file:
.B
dbscan \fB\-f\fR id2entry.db4
.TP
Display index keys in cn.db4:
.B
dbscan \fB\-f\fR cn.db4
.TP
Display index keys in cn on lmdb:
.B
dbscan \fB\-f\fR /var/lib/dirsrv/slapd\-supplier1/db/userroot/cn.db
 (Note: Use \fBdbscan \-L db_home_dir\R to get the db instance path)
.TP
Display index keys and the count of entries having the key in mail.db4:
.B
dbscan \fB\-r\fR \fB\-f\fR mail.db4
.TP
Display index keys and the IDs having more than 20 IDs in sn.db4:
.B
dbscan \fB\-r\fR \fB\-G\fR 20 \fB\-f\fR sn.db4
.TP
Display summary of objectclass.db4:
.B
dbscan \fB\-s \-f\fR objectclass.db4
.br
.SH AUTHOR
dbscan was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/389ds/389-ds-base/issues/new
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2017 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
