.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DSKTUNE 1 "May 18, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
dsktune \- reports memory, network, and file system tuning settings
which can affect the performance of the Directory Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dsktune
[\fI-q\fR] [\fI-c\fR] [\fI-D\fR] [\fI-v\fR] [\fI-i installdir\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reports memory, network, and file system tuning settings
which can affect the performance of the Directory Server
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \fB\-q\fR 
dsktune only reports essential settings
.TP
.B \fB\-c\fR 
dsktune only reports tuning information for client machines
.TP
.B \fB\-D\fR 
dsktune also reports the commands executed
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR 
dsktune only reports its release version date
.TP
.B \fB\-i installdir\fR 
specify alternate server installation directory
.br
.SH AUTHOR
dsktune was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2008 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
