.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH INFADD 1 "May 18, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
infadd \- infinite additions to LDAP server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B infadd
\fI-s suffix -u bindDN -w password \fR[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
infadd is used
to measure performance of the add operation. It can
span multiple threads in order to test the performance 
under heavy locking.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h hostname
hostname (default: localhost)
.TP
.B \-p port
port (default: 389)
.TP
.B \-t threads
number of threads to spin (default: 1)
.TP
.B \-d
use TCP no\-delay
.TP
.B \-q
quiet mode (no status updates)
.TP
.B \-v
verbose mode (give per\-thread statistics)
.TP
.B \-I num
first uid (default: 0)
.TP
.B \-l count
limit count; stops when the total count exceeds <count>
.TP
.B \-i msec
sample interval in milliseconds (default: 10000)
.TP
.B \-R size
generate <size> random names instead of using data files
.TP
.B \-z size
add binary blob of average size of <size> bytes
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rsearch (1)
.br
.SH AUTHOR
infadd was written by the Fedora Directory Server Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2008 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
