.TH LOGCONV.PY 1 "January 22, 2025"
.SH NAME
logconv.py \- Analyzes Directory Server access log files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B logconv.py 
[\fI\-h\fR] [\fI\-v\fR] [\fI\-V\fR] [\fI\-s SIZE_LIMIT\fR] [\fI\-d ROOT_DN\fR] [\fI\-B BIND_DN\fR] 
[\fI\-X EXCLUDE_IP\fR] [\fI\-S START_TIME\fR] [\fI\-E END_TIME\fR]
[\fI\-m SEC_STATS_FILENAME\fR] [\fI\-M MIN_STATS_FILENAME\fR] [\fI access log(s)\fR]
.PP

.SH DESCRIPTION
Analyzes Directory Server access log files for specific information defined on the command
line.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \fB\-h, \-\-help\fR 
help/usage.
.TP
.B \fB\-v, \-\-version\fR 
Display log analyzer version.
.TP
.B \fB\-V, \-\-verbose\fR 
Enable verbose mode for detailed statistic processing.
.TP
.B \fB\-s, \-\-sizeLimit\fR SIZE_LIMIT
Number of results to return per category.
.br
DEFAULT: 20
.TP
.B \fB\-d, \-\-rootDN\fR ROOT_DN
Directory Managers DN.
.br
DEFAULT: "cn=Directory Manager"
.TP
.B \fB\-B, \-\-bind\fR BIND_DN
Generates an activity report based specified bind DN.
.br
Options: <ALL | ANONYMOUS | "Actual bind DN">
.TP
.B \fB\-X, \-\-excludeIP\fR EXCLUDE_IP
IP address to exclude from analysis, could be used to exclude load balancers.
.br
To specify multiple IP addresses you could use: -X 192.168.1.1 -X 10.1.2.1
.TP
.B \fB\-S, \-\-startTime\fR START_TIME
Time to begin analysing logfile from.
.br
Copy and paste a timestamp from the access logs:
.br
"[04/Jun/2024:10:31:20.014629085 +0200]"
.br
       or
.br
Use common log format:
.br
"[04/Jun/2024:10:31:20 +0200]"'
.TP
.B \fB\-E, \-\-endTime\fR END_TIME
Time to stop analysing logfile.
.br
Copy and paste a timestamp from the access logs:
.br
"[04/Jun/2024:11:30:05.435779416 +0200]"
.br
       or
.br
Use common log format:
.br
"[04/Jun/2024:11:30:05 +0200]"
.TP
.B \fB\-m, \-\-reportFileSecs\fR SEC_STATS_FILENAME
Capture operation stats at second intervals and write to csv file.
.TP
.B \fB\-M, \-\-reportFileMins\fR MIN_STATS_FILENAME
Capture operation stats at minute intervals and write to csv file.
.TP
.B \fB\-j, \-\-recommends\fR 
Provide some preformance recommendations post analysis.

.SH USAGE
Examples:
.IP
Analyze logs in verbose mode
.br
logconv.py \fB\-V\fR /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Limit results to 10 entries per category
.br
logconv.py --sizeLimit 10 /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Specify a custom root DN
.br
logconv.py \fB\--rootDN\fR "cn=custom manager" /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Generate a report for anonymous binds
.br
logconv.py \fB\-B\fR ANONYMOUS /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Exclude specific IP address(s) from log analysis
.br
logconv.py \fB\-X\fR 192.168.1.1 \fB\--exclude_ip\fR 11.22.33.44 /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Analyze logs within a specific time range
.br
logconv.py \fB-S\fR "[04/Jun/2024:10:31:20.014629085 +0200]" \fB--endTime\fR "[04/Jun/2024:11:30:05 +0200]" /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Generate performance stats at second intervals
.br
logconv.py \fB-m\fR log-second-stats.csv /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Generate performance stats at minute intervals
.br
logconv.py \fB-M\fR log-minute-stats.csv  /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*
.IP
Display recommendations post log analysis
.br
logconv.py \fB-j\fR /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-host/access*

.SH AUTHOR
logconv.py was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/389ds/389-ds-base/issues/new
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2025 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
