.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH RSEARCH 1 "May 18, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
rsearch \- Stress test an LDAP server with search operations
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rsearch
\fB\-D\fR binddn \fB\-w\fR bindpw \fB\-s\fR suffix \fB\-f\fR filter [\fIoptions\fR]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Stress tests an LDAP server with search operations.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below:
.TP
.B \-H
print Usage (this message)
.TP
.B \fB\-h\fR host
ldap server host (default: localhost)
.TP
.B \fB\-p\fR port
ldap server port (default: 389)
.TP
.B \fB\-S\fR scope
search SCOPE [0,1,or 2]  (default: 2)
.TP
.B \fB\-b\fR
bind before every operation
.TP
.B \fB\-u\fR
don't unbind \fB\-\-\fR just close the connection
.TP
.B \fB\-L\fR
set linger \fB\-\-\fR connection discarded when closed
.TP
.B \fB\-N\fR
No operation \fB\-\-\fR just bind (ignore mdc)
.TP
.B \fB\-v\fR
verbose
.TP
.B \fB\-y\fR
nodelay
.TP
.B \fB\-q\fR
quiet
.TP
.B \fB\-l\fR
logging
.TP
.B \fB\-m\fR
operaton: modify non\-indexed attr (description). \fB\-B\fR required
.TP
.B \fB\-M\fR
operaton: modify indexed attr (telephonenumber). \fB\-B\fR required
.TP
.B \fB\-d\fR
operaton: delete. \fB\-B\fR required
.TP
.B \fB\-c\fR
operaton: compare. \fB\-B\fR required
.TP
.B \fB\-i\fR file
name file; used for the search filter
.TP
.B \fB\-B\fR file
[DN and] UID file (use '\-B \e?' to see the format)
.TP
.B \fB\-A\fR attrs
list of attributes for search request
.TP
.B \fB\-a\fR file
list of attributes for search request in a file
.HP
.B \fB\-\-\fR (use '\-a \e?' to see the format ; \fB\-a\fR & \fB\-A\fR are mutually exclusive)
.PP
.TP
.B \fB\-n\fR number
(reserved for future use)
.TP
.B \fB\-o\fR number
Search time limit, in seconds; (default: 30; no time limit: 0)
.TP
.B \fB\-j\fR number
sample interval, in seconds  (default: 10)
.TP
.B \fB\-t\fR number
threads  (default: 1)
.TP
.B \fB\-T\fR number
Time limit, in seconds; cmd stops when exceeds <number>
.TP
.B \fB\-V\fR
show running average
.TP
.B \fB\-C\fR num
take num samples, then stop
.TP
.B \fB\-R\fR num
drop connection & reconnect every num searches
.TP
.B \fB\-x\fR
Use \fB\-B\fR file for binding; ignored if \fB\-B\fR is not given
.br
.SH AUTHOR
rsearch was written by the 389 Project.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to http://bugzilla.redhat.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Used by permission.
.br
Copyright \(co 2008 Red Hat, Inc.
.br
This manual page was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the Directory Server license found in the LICENSE file of this
software distribution.  This license is essentially the GNU General Public
License version 2 with an exception for plug-in distribution.
